[Music]
hi i'm agatha welcome or welcome back to
my channel and for this video i am going
to feature an eyeshadow palette from a
local brand
and a collaboration of a beauty content
creator
here on youtube
it's the bicycle x and clothes eyeshadow
palette
you know look for this video one is a
soft glam which is this one
and the other one is a glammed up look
i hope you will enjoy this video and if
you want to see
how i do this look and the other one
then keep on watching
hey guys this is voice over agatha and
for the first look which is a glam
makeup
a cool toned glam makeup i'm going to be
using the eyeshadow palette from the
collection
first off i'm dusting off the shade
lucky commenter all over my lids
now using the shade called plantita and
the shader brush you're going to pack
on the pigment all over your lids and
blend it upwards
and then side to side make sure it's
blended pretty well because
many times now in the reading patch
i'm adding on pigment so i'll get the
full opacity that i want
then i am putting on the shade called
coffee's life on my outer v
using a blending brush a small blending
brush and blending it
on my crease line the key to a good eye
shadow
is blending blend blend blend talagases
now using a big fluffy brush without any
pigment you're just going to blend it
and making it
look seamlessly without any harsh lines
it's also important napan is
now it's time to add the shimmer shade
called acb which is a copper peachy
shade
and then i'm adding on more glitter
and packing on the shady squad
so using a small fluffy brush with a
little bit
of coffee's life i'm going to blend it
on my crease line
and of course we can't forget the lower
lash line i'm going to
add a mix of coffee's life and plantita
using a pencil brush i'm going to tight
line my
eyes using the gel liner in the shade
intense
black
[Music]
for this look i'm just going to do a
regular eyeliner and
not putting a wing
and now i'm done with the eye makeup
now let's move on to the face palette
this has a contour
called like and a blush called comment
and highlighter which is subscribe
now to finish off the look i am going to
add the velvet
lipstick in the shade boudoir
of course we can't forget the lip gloss
this is a high shine
and plumping lip gloss
[Music]
now is the time for the second look
which is a soft glam makeup using warm
tones first i'm dusting off lucky
commenter all over my lids
and then i'm going to put on the shade
sun all
on my crease line and blend it
using a big fluffy brush i'm just going
to blend it and making sure
there is no harsh line to darken up the
look a little bit i am going to add the
next
shade which is it a long emoji and
applying it on the outer and inner
corners of my eye
now all you have to do is blend it
now i am going to apply shimmers i am
going to apply the shade super con
and jaya taut and to add more glitters
of course i am going to add again the
shade b squad
now moving on i'm going to blend it with
a small fluffy brush and a little bit of
the low emoji
[Music]
i am going to put the shade sun all on
my lower lash line using a pencil brush
and then i'm making a small winged liner
using the gel liner
in the shade intense black
so when you create a winged liner it
must be even on both
eyes now i am curling my lashes
[Music]
and applying some mascara i'm using the
maybelline hyper curl mascara
next i'm going to tight line my eyes
using the shade intense black
and i'm just going to repeat the steps
contour
blush and a little bit of highlight
now to finish off the look i am going to
add the soft matte lipstick in the shade
and clothes vlogs
of course you can't forget the lip gloss
yes i'm applying it again for this look
and we're done
[Music]
i hope you guys enjoyed this video like
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more
of me and if you do have some
suggestions leave them
down below so yeah that's all bye
you